This is my Front-end Project named CLOTHIFY, an E-commerce website using HTML,CSS,BOOTSTRAP and JAVASCRIPT.

The pages includes- 
1. Home page
	Includes Header-> Used bootstrap navbar for the responsiveness.
			  The logo has been generated using logo generator.
			  Also the login button is created using button generator, also has the hovering effect on the login button.
			  The bootstrap nav-links have been used.
	
	Banner Image-> The message of the website is been included. I have done this using the marquee tag to scroll through.
		       There is an mouse on and mouse out events added to the marquee tag.
		       On hovering the passage stops scrolling and on mouse out it resumes.
	
	Featured Products-> Using the Carousel slider which has the responsiveness.
			    used media query to display the two cards in the carousel in the medium and small screens.
                            the background color, border shadow is been applied to the cards.
			    there is also an hovering effect on cards as we move on them.
	
	Footer-> The footer is designed using the grid property, with all the links provided which takes to the respective pages.
	
	* The header and footer has been added to all the pages dynamically using javascript.

2. Products page
	It includes all the products of men, women and kids as shown.
	Using the Grid property and cards for displaying the products.
	Media query used for cards to display, for the responsivenss.
	Add to cart button with the cart image has the hovering effect and on click redirects to the cart page.

3. Men Category- All products
	     	 Shirts
	    	 Pants
	The Men Category has three different pages- All products, shirts and pants page.
	I have used the cards and displayed them using the grid property.

4. Women Category- All products
	   	   Dresses
	    	   Tops
	The Women Category has three different pages- All products, Dresses and Tops page.
	I have used the cards and displayed them using the grid property.

5. Kids page->
        The kids clothing page has been designed using the cards as well.
 
6. Contact page->
	The contact page is designed using the card and having images on one side and the form on other side.
	The submit button has the hovering effect and font-transform on hovering as capitalize.

7. Cart page->
	I have again used cards for the two sections in the cart page, items and summary.
	The borders, hover effect, background colors, transition properties have been used for the styling. 
	
8. Login Page-->
	The login page is done to get the user's details and connect with them and to keep them updating.
	Designed using the form-contorl bootstrap property.
	There is change in the border color on focusing the input fields.
	Login button has the font-transform property as capitalize on hovering that.
	For validation part, used the javascript.
	It shows an alert message upon entering the required e-mail and password.
	Shows invalid message on entering the wrong email and password.
